---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_configuration_template_list Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ConfigurationTemplateList DataSource
---

# opal_configuration_template_list (Data Source)

ConfigurationTemplateList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_configuration_template_list" "my_configurationtemplatelist" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `admin_owner_id` (String) The ID of the owner of the configuration template.
- `break_glass_user_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the break glass users linked to the configuration template.
- `configuration_template_id` (String) The ID of the configuration template.
- `linked_audit_message_channel_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the audit message channels linked to the configuration template.
- `member_oncall_schedule_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the on-call schedules linked to the configuration template.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration template.
- `request_configuration_id` (String) The ID of the request configuration linked to the configuration template.
- `require_mfa_to_approve` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for reviewers to approve requests for this configuration template.
- `require_mfa_to_connect` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA to connect to resources associated with this configuration template.
- `ticket_propagation` (Attributes) Configuration for ticket propagation, when enabled, a ticket will be created for access changes related to the users in this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--ticket_propagation))
- `visibility` (Attributes) Visibility infomation of an entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--visibility))

<a id="nestedatt--results--ticket_propagation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.ticket_propagation`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_on_grant` (Boolean)
- `enabled_on_revocation` (Boolean)
- `ticket_project_id` (String)
- `ticket_provider` (String) The third party ticketing platform provider. must be one of ["JIRA", "LINEAR", "SERVICE_NOW"]


<a id="nestedatt--results--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.visibility`

Read-Only:

- `visibility` (String) The visibility level of the entity. must be one of ["GLOBAL", "LIMITED"]
- `visibility_group_ids` (Set of String)


