---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_delegations Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Delegations DataSource
---

# opal_delegations (Data Source)

Delegations DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_delegations" "my_delegations" {
  cursor            = "cD0yMDIxLTAxLTA2KzAzJTNBMjQlM0E1My40MzQzMjYlMkIwMCUzQTAw"
  delegate_user_id  = "29827fb8-f2dd-4e80-9576-28e31e9934ac"
  delegator_user_id = "29827fb8-f2dd-4e80-9576-28e31e9934ac"
  page_size         = 200
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cursor` (String) A cursor to indicate where to start fetching results.
- `delegate_user_id` (String) The delegate user ID to filter delegations by the user being delegated to.
- `delegator_user_id` (String) The delegator user ID to filter delegations by the user delegating their access review requests.
- `page_size` (Number) The maximum number of results to return per page. The default is 200.

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) The delegations in the result set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `total_count` (Number) The total number of items in the result set.

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the delegation.
- `delegate_user_id` (String) The ID of the user being delegated to.
- `delegator_user_id` (String) The ID of the user delegating their access review requests.
- `end_time` (String) The end time of the delegation.
- `id` (String) The ID of the delegation.
- `reason` (String) The reason for the delegation.
- `start_time` (String) The start time of the delegation.
- `updated_at` (String) The last updated time of the delegation.
