---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_events Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Events DataSource
---

# opal_events (Data Source)

Events DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_events" "my_events" {
  actor_filter      = "29827fb8-f2dd-4e80-9576-28e31e9934ac"
  api_token_filter  = "fullaccess:**************************M_g=="
  cursor            = "cD0yMDIxLTAxLTA2KzAzJTNBMjQlM0E1My40MzQzMjYlMkIwMCUzQTAw"
  end_date_filter   = "...my_end_date_filter..."
  event_type_filter = "USER_MFA_RESET"
  object_filter     = "29827fb8-f2dd-4e80-9576-28e31e9934ac"
  page_size         = 200
  start_date_filter = "...my_start_date_filter..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `actor_filter` (String) An actor filter for the events. Supply the ID of the actor.
- `api_token_filter` (String) An API filter for the events. Supply the name and preview of the API token.
- `cursor` (String) The pagination cursor value.
- `end_date_filter` (String) An end date filter for the events.
- `event_type_filter` (String) An event type filter for the events.
- `object_filter` (String) An object filter for the events. Supply the ID of the object.
- `page_size` (Number) Number of results to return per page. Default is 200.
- `start_date_filter` (String) A start date filter for the events.

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `actor_email` (String) The email of the actor user.
- `actor_ip_address` (String) The IP address of the event actor.
- `actor_name` (String) The name of the actor user. Parsed as JSON.
- `actor_user_id` (String) The ID of the actor user.
- `api_token_name` (String) The name of the API token used to create the event.
- `api_token_preview` (String) The preview of the API token used to create the event.
- `created_at` (String) The day and time the event was created.
- `event_id` (String) The ID of the event.
- `event_type` (String) The event type.
- `sub_events` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--sub_events))

<a id="nestedatt--results--sub_events"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.sub_events`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `sub_event_type` (String) The subevent type.


