---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_group_list Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GroupList DataSource
---

# opal_group_list (Data Source)

GroupList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_group_list" "my_group_list" {
  group_ids = [
    "1b978423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67b3",
  ]
  group_name        = "example-name"
  group_type_filter = "OPAL_GROUP"
  page_size         = 200
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `group_ids` (List of String) The group ids to filter by.
- `group_name` (String) Group name.
- `group_type_filter` (String) The type of the group. must be one of ["ACTIVE_DIRECTORY_GROUP", "AWS_SSO_GROUP", "DUO_GROUP", "GIT_HUB_TEAM", "GIT_LAB_GROUP", "GOOGLE_GROUPS_GROUP", "LDAP_GROUP", "OKTA_GROUP", "OPAL_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_SECURITY_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_MICROSOFT_365_GROUP"]
- `page_size` (Number) Number of results to return per page. Default is 200.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `admin_owner_id` (String) The ID of the owner of the group.
- `app_id` (String) The ID of the group's app.
- `description` (String) A description of the group.
- `group_binding_id` (String) The ID of the associated group binding.
- `group_leader_user_ids` (Set of String) A list of User IDs for the group leaders of the group
- `group_type` (String) The type of the group. must be one of ["ACTIVE_DIRECTORY_GROUP", "AWS_SSO_GROUP", "DUO_GROUP", "GIT_HUB_TEAM", "GIT_LAB_GROUP", "GOOGLE_GROUPS_GROUP", "LDAP_GROUP", "OKTA_GROUP", "OPAL_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_SECURITY_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_MICROSOFT_365_GROUP"]
- `id` (String) The ID of the group.
- `name` (String) The name of the group.
- `remote_info` (Attributes) Information that defines the remote group. This replaces the deprecated remote_id and metadata fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info))
- `remote_name` (String) The name of the remote.
- `request_configurations` (Attributes Set) A list of request configurations for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations))
- `require_mfa_to_approve` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for reviewers to approve requests for this group.

<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info`

Read-Only:

- `active_directory_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Active Directory group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--active_directory_group))
- `azure_ad_microsoft_365_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Microsoft Entra ID Microsoft 365 group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_ad_microsoft_365_group))
- `azure_ad_security_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Microsoft Entra ID Security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_ad_security_group))
- `duo_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Duo Security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--duo_group))
- `github_team` (Attributes) Remote info for GitHub team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_team))
- `gitlab_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Gitlab group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gitlab_group))
- `google_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Google group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--google_group))
- `ldap_group` (Attributes) Remote info for LDAP group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--ldap_group))
- `okta_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Okta Directory group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_group))

<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--active_directory_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.active_directory_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Google group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_ad_microsoft_365_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_ad_microsoft_365_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Microsoft Entra ID Microsoft 365 group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_ad_security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_ad_security_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Microsoft Entra ID Security group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--duo_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.duo_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Duo Security group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_team"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.github_team`

Read-Only:

- `team_slug` (String) The slug of the GitHub team.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gitlab_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gitlab_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Gitlab group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--google_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.google_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Google group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--ldap_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.ldap_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the LDAP group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.okta_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Okta Directory group.



<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `allow_requests` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow requests for this resource.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests for this resource.
- `condition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations--condition))
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the resource can be requested (in minutes).
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request configuration.
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the resource should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this resource.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the resource require an access ticket.
- `reviewer_stages` (Attributes List) The list of reviewer stages for the request configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations--reviewer_stages))

<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations.condition`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) The list of group IDs to match.
- `role_remote_ids` (Set of String) The list of role remote IDs to match.


<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations--reviewer_stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations.reviewer_stages`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the reviewer stage. Admin and manager approval are also treated as reviewers. must be one of ["AND", "OR"]
- `owner_ids` (Set of String)
- `require_admin_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require admin approval.
- `require_manager_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require manager approval.
