---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_group Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Group DataSource
---

# opal_group (Data Source)

Group DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_group" "my_group" {
  id = "60c1ba08-b7f3-4a3e-a16b-6f0baa3e2cf5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the group.

### Read-Only

- `admin_owner_id` (String) The ID of the owner of the group.
- `app_id` (String) The ID of the group's app.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests to this group.
- `description` (String) A description of the group.
- `group_binding_id` (String) The ID of the associated group binding.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the group. must be one of ["ACTIVE_DIRECTORY_GROUP", "AWS_SSO_GROUP", "DUO_GROUP", "GIT_HUB_TEAM", "GIT_LAB_GROUP", "GOOGLE_GROUPS_GROUP", "LDAP_GROUP", "OKTA_GROUP", "OPAL_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_SECURITY_GROUP", "AZURE_AD_MICROSOFT_365_GROUP"]
- `is_requestable` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow access requests to this group.
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the group can be requested (in minutes).
- `message_channels` (Attributes) The audit and reviewer message channels attached to the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--message_channels))
- `name` (String) The name of the group.
- `oncall_schedules` (Attributes) The on call schedules attached to the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oncall_schedules))
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the group should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `remote_id` (String) The ID of the remote.
- `remote_info` (Attributes) Information that defines the remote group. This replaces the deprecated remote_id and metadata fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info))
- `remote_name` (String) The name of the remote.
- `request_configuration_list_data` (Attributes List) A list of request configurations for this group. Deprecated in favor of `request_configurations`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data))
- `request_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of request configurations for this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations))
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `require_mfa_to_approve` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for reviewers to approve requests for this group.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this group.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the group require an access ticket.
- `visibility_info` (Attributes) Visibility infomation of an entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility_info))

<a id="nestedatt--message_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `message_channels`

Read-Only:

- `channels` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--message_channels--channels))

<a id="nestedatt--message_channels--channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `message_channels.channels`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the message channel.
- `is_private` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not the message channel is private.
- `name` (String) The name of the message channel.
- `remote_id` (String) The remote ID of the message channel
- `third_party_provider` (String) The third party provider of the message channel. must be one of ["SLACK"]



<a id="nestedatt--oncall_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oncall_schedules`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the on-call schedule.
- `name` (String) The name of the on call schedule.
- `remote_id` (String) The remote ID of the on call schedule
- `third_party_provider` (String) The third party provider of the on call schedule. must be one of ["OPSGENIE", "PAGER_DUTY"]


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info`

Read-Only:

- `active_directory_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Active Directory group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--active_directory_group))
- `azure_ad_microsoft_365_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure AD Microsoft 365 group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--azure_ad_microsoft_365_group))
- `azure_ad_security_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure AD Security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--azure_ad_security_group))
- `duo_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Duo Security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--duo_group))
- `github_team` (Attributes) Remote info for GitHub team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--github_team))
- `gitlab_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Gitlab group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--gitlab_group))
- `google_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Google group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--google_group))
- `ldap_group` (Attributes) Remote info for LDAP group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--ldap_group))
- `okta_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Okta Directory group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_info--okta_group))

<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--active_directory_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.active_directory_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Google group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--azure_ad_microsoft_365_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.azure_ad_microsoft_365_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Azure AD Microsoft 365 group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--azure_ad_security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.azure_ad_security_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Azure AD Security group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--duo_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.duo_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Duo Security group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--github_team"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.github_team`

Read-Only:

- `team_slug` (String) The slug of the GitHub team.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--gitlab_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.gitlab_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Gitlab group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--google_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.google_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Google group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--ldap_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.ldap_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the LDAP group.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_info--okta_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_info.okta_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the Okta Directory group.



<a id="nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configuration_list_data`

Read-Only:

- `allow_requests` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow requests for this resource.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests for this resource.
- `condition` (Attributes) # Condition Object
### Description
The `Condition` object is used to represent a condition.

### Usage Example
Used to match request configurations to users in `RequestConfiguration` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data--condition))
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the resource can be requested (in minutes).
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request configuration.
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the resource should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this resource.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the resource require an access ticket.
- `reviewer_stages` (Attributes List) The list of reviewer stages for the request configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data--reviewer_stages))

<a id="nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configuration_list_data.condition`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) The list of group IDs to match.
- `role_remote_ids` (List of String) The list of role remote IDs to match.


<a id="nestedatt--request_configuration_list_data--reviewer_stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configuration_list_data.reviewer_stages`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the reviewer stage. must be one of ["AND", "OR"]
- `owner_ids` (List of String)
- `require_manager_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require manager approval.



<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `allow_requests` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow requests for this resource.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests for this resource.
- `condition` (Attributes) # Condition Object
### Description
The `Condition` object is used to represent a condition.

### Usage Example
Used to match request configurations to users in `RequestConfiguration` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations--condition))
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the resource can be requested (in minutes).
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request configuration.
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the resource should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this resource.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the resource require an access ticket.
- `reviewer_stages` (Attributes List) The list of reviewer stages for the request configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations--reviewer_stages))

<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations.condition`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (List of String) The list of group IDs to match.
- `role_remote_ids` (List of String) The list of role remote IDs to match.


<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations--reviewer_stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations.reviewer_stages`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the reviewer stage. must be one of ["AND", "OR"]
- `owner_ids` (List of String)
- `require_manager_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require manager approval.



<a id="nestedatt--visibility_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility_info`

Read-Only:

- `visibility` (String) The visibility level of the entity. must be one of ["GLOBAL", "LIMITED"]
- `visibility_group_ids` (List of String)


