---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_requests Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Requests DataSource
---

# opal_requests (Data Source)

Requests DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_requests" "my_requests" {
  cursor            = "cD0yMDIxLTAxLTA2KzAzJTNBMjQlM0E1My40MzQzMjYlMkIwMCUzQTAw"
  end_date_filter   = "...my_end_date_filter..."
  page_size         = 200
  show_pending_only = false
  start_date_filter = "...my_start_date_filter..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cursor` (String) The pagination cursor value.
- `end_date_filter` (String) An end date filter for the events.
- `page_size` (Number) Number of results to return per page. Default is 200.
- `show_pending_only` (Boolean) Boolean toggle for if it should only show pending requests.
- `start_date_filter` (String) A start date filter for the events.

### Read-Only

- `requests` (Attributes List) The list of requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests))

<a id="nestedatt--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the request was created.
- `custom_fields_responses` (Attributes List) The responses given to the custom fields associated to the request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--custom_fields_responses))
- `duration_minutes` (Number) The duration of the request in minutes.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the request.
- `reason` (String) The reason for the request.
- `requested_items_list` (Attributes List) The list of targets for the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--requested_items_list))
- `requester_id` (String) The unique identifier of the user who created the request.
- `stages` (Attributes) The stages configuration for a request item (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--stages))
- `status` (String) # Request Status
### Description
The `RequestStatus` enum is used to represent the status of a request.

### Usage Example
Returned from the `GET Requests` endpoint.
- `target_group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the group who is the target of the request.
- `target_user_id` (String) The unique identifier of the user who is the target of the request.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time the request was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--requests--custom_fields_responses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.custom_fields_responses`

Read-Only:

- `field_name` (String)
- `field_type` (String) The type of the custom request field.
- `field_value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--custom_fields_responses--field_value))

<a id="nestedatt--requests--custom_fields_responses--field_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.custom_fields_responses.field_value`

Read-Only:

- `boolean` (Boolean)
- `str` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--requests--requested_items_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.requested_items_list`

Read-Only:

- `access_level_name` (String) The name of the access level requested.
- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The ID of the access level requested on the remote system.
- `group_id` (String) The ID of the group requested.
- `name` (String) The name of the target.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource requested.


<a id="nestedatt--requests--stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.stages`

Read-Only:

- `requested_item_name` (String) The name of the requested item
- `requested_role_name` (String) The name of the requested role
- `stages` (Attributes List) The stages of review for this request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--stages--stages))

<a id="nestedatt--requests--stages--stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.stages.stages`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator to apply to reviewers in a stage
- `reviewers` (Attributes List) The reviewers for this stage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests--stages--stages--reviewers))
- `stage` (Number) The stage number

<a id="nestedatt--requests--stages--stages--reviewers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests.stages.stages.reviewers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the reviewer
- `status` (String) The status of this reviewer's review
