---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_resources_users_list Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourcesUsersList DataSource
---

# opal_resources_users_list (Data Source)

ResourcesUsersList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_resources_users_list" "my_resourcesusers_list" {
  limit       = 200
  resource_id = "4baf8423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67a5"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of results returned.

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (Attributes) # Access Level Object
### Description
The `AccessLevel` object is used to represent the level of access that a principal has. The "default" access
level is a `AccessLevel` object whose fields are all empty strings.

### Usage Example
View the `AccessLevel` of a resource/user or resource/group pair to see the level of access granted to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--access_level))
- `description` (String) The description of the resource.
- `email` (String) The user's email.
- `expiration_date` (String) The day and time the user's access will expire.
- `full_name` (String) The user's full name.
- `has_direct_access` (Boolean) The user has direct access to this resources (vs. indirectly, like through a group).
- `num_access_paths` (Number) The number of ways in which the user has access through this resource (directly and indirectly).
- `propagation_status` (Attributes) The state of whether the push action was propagated to the remote system. If this is null, the access was synced from the remote system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--propagation_status))
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource.
- `resource_name` (String) The name of the resource.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--results--access_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.access_level`

Read-Only:

- `access_level_name` (String) The human-readable name of the access level.
- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The machine-readable identifier of the access level.


<a id="nestedatt--results--propagation_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.propagation_status`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The status of whether the user has been synced to the group or resource in the remote system.
