---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_resources_list Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourcesList DataSource
---

# opal_resources_list (Data Source)

ResourcesList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_resources_list" "my_resources_list" {
  ancestor_resource_id = ["4baf8423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67a5"]
  cursor               = "cD0yMDIxLTAxLTA2KzAzJTNBMjQlM0E1My40MzQzMjYlMkIwMCUzQTAw"
  page_size            = 200
  parent_resource_id   = ["4baf8423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67a5"]
  remote_id            = "...my_remote_id..."
  resource_ids = [
    "4baf8423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67a5",
    "1b978423-db0a-4037-a4cf-f79c60cb67b3",
  ]
  resource_name        = "example-name"
  resource_type_filter = "AWS_IAM_ROLE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ancestor_resource_id` (String) The ancestor resource id to filter by. Returns all resources that are descendants of the specified resource.
- `cursor` (String) The pagination cursor value.
- `page_size` (Number) Number of results to return per page. Default is 200.
- `parent_resource_id` (String) The parent resource id to filter by.
- `remote_id` (String) Filter resources by their remote id. This will return all resources that have a remote id that matches the provided remote id. Note that this requires resource_type_filter to be provided.
- `resource_ids` (List of String) The resource ids to filter by.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name.
- `resource_type_filter` (String) The resource type to filter by. Required when remote_id is provided. must be one of ["AWS_IAM_ROLE", "AWS_EC2_INSTANCE", "AWS_EKS_CLUSTER", "AWS_RDS_POSTGRES_CLUSTER", "AWS_RDS_POSTGRES_INSTANCE", "AWS_RDS_MYSQL_CLUSTER", "AWS_RDS_MYSQL_INSTANCE", "AWS_ACCOUNT", "AWS_SSO_PERMISSION_SET", "AWS_ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT", "AZURE_MANAGEMENT_GROUP", "AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP", "AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION", "AZURE_VIRTUAL_MACHINE", "AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT", "AZURE_STORAGE_CONTAINER", "AZURE_SQL_SERVER", "AZURE_SQL_MANAGED_INSTANCE", "AZURE_SQL_DATABASE", "AZURE_SQL_MANAGED_DATABASE", "AZURE_USER_ASSIGNED_MANAGED_Identity", "AZURE_ENTRA_ID_ROLE", "AZURE_ENTERPRISE_APP", "CUSTOM", "CUSTOM_CONNECTOR", "DATABRICKS_ACCOUNT_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL", "GCP_ORGANIZATION", "GCP_BUCKET", "GCP_COMPUTE_INSTANCE", "GCP_FOLDER", "GCP_GKE_CLUSTER", "GCP_PROJECT", "GCP_CLOUD_SQL_POSTGRES_INSTANCE", "GCP_CLOUD_SQL_MYSQL_INSTANCE", "GCP_BIG_QUERY_DATASET", "GCP_BIG_QUERY_TABLE", "GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT", "GIT_HUB_REPO", "GIT_HUB_ORG_ROLE", "GIT_LAB_PROJECT", "GOOGLE_WORKSPACE_ROLE", "MONGO_INSTANCE", "MONGO_ATLAS_INSTANCE", "OKTA_APP", "OKTA_ROLE", "OPAL_ROLE", "OPAL_SCOPED_ROLE", "PAGERDUTY_ROLE", "TAILSCALE_SSH", "SALESFORCE_PERMISSION_SET", "SALESFORCE_PROFILE", "SALESFORCE_ROLE", "SNOWFLAKE_DATABASE", "SNOWFLAKE_SCHEMA", "SNOWFLAKE_TABLE", "WORKDAY_ROLE", "MYSQL_INSTANCE", "MARIADB_INSTANCE", "POSTGRES_INSTANCE", "TELEPORT_ROLE", "ILEVEL_ADVANCED_ROLE", "DATASTAX_ASTRA_ROLE", "COUPA_ROLE", "CURSOR_ORGANIZATION", "OPENAI_PLATFORM_PROJECT", "OPENAI_PLATFORM_SERVICE_ACCOUNT", "ANTHROPIC_WORKSPACE", "GIT_HUB_ORG", "ORACLE_FUSION_ROLE"]

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `admin_owner_id` (String) The ID of the owner of the resource.
- `ancestor_resource_ids` (List of String) List of resource IDs that are ancestors of this resource.
- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app.
- `custom_request_notification` (String) Custom request notification sent upon request approval.
- `descendant_resource_ids` (List of String) List of resource IDs that are descendants of this resource.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `extensions_duration_in_minutes` (Number, Deprecated) The duration for which access can be extended (in minutes). Set to 0 to disable extensions. When > 0, extensions are enabled for the specified duration.
- `id` (String) The ID of the resource.
- `last_successful_sync` (Attributes) Represents a sync task that has been completed, either successfully or with errors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--last_successful_sync))
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
- `parent_resource_id` (String) The ID of the parent resource.
- `remote_info` (Attributes) Information that defines the remote resource. This replaces the deprecated remote_id and metadata fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info))
- `request_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of configurations for requests to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations))
- `require_mfa_to_approve` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for reviewers to approve requests for this resource.
- `require_mfa_to_connect` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA to connect to this resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `risk_sensitivity` (String) The risk sensitivity level for the resource. When an override is set, this field will match that.
- `risk_sensitivity_override` (String) Indicates the level of potential impact misuse or unauthorized access may incur.
- `ticket_propagation` (Attributes) Configuration for ticket propagation, when enabled, a ticket will be created for access changes related to the users in this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--ticket_propagation))

<a id="nestedatt--results--last_successful_sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.last_successful_sync`

Read-Only:

- `completed_at` (String) The time when the sync task was completed.
- `id` (String) The ID of the sync task.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info`

Read-Only:

- `anthropic_workspace` (Attributes) Remote info for Anthropic workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--anthropic_workspace))
- `aws_account` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_account))
- `aws_ec2_instance` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS EC2 instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_ec2_instance))
- `aws_eks_cluster` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS EKS cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_eks_cluster))
- `aws_iam_role` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS IAM role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_iam_role))
- `aws_organizational_unit` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS organizational unit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_organizational_unit))
- `aws_permission_set` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS Identity Center permission set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_permission_set))
- `aws_rds_instance` (Attributes) Remote info for AWS RDS instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_rds_instance))
- `azure_enterprise_app` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure Enterprise App. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_enterprise_app))
- `azure_entra_id_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure Entra ID role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_entra_id_role))
- `azure_management_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure management group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_management_group))
- `azure_resource_group` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure resource group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_resource_group))
- `azure_sql_database` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure SQL database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_database))
- `azure_sql_managed_database` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure SQL managed database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_managed_database))
- `azure_sql_managed_instance` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure SQL managed instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_managed_instance))
- `azure_sql_server` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure SQL server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_server))
- `azure_storage_account` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure storage account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_storage_account))
- `azure_storage_container` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure storage container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_storage_container))
- `azure_subscription` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_subscription))
- `azure_user_assigned_managed_identity` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure user assigned managed identity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_user_assigned_managed_identity))
- `azure_virtual_machine` (Attributes) Remote info for Azure virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_virtual_machine))
- `coupa_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Coupa role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--coupa_role))
- `cursor_organization` (Attributes) Remote info for a Cursor organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--cursor_organization))
- `custom_connector` (Attributes) Remote info for a custom connector resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--custom_connector))
- `datastax_astra_role` (Attributes) Remote info for an Astra role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--datastax_astra_role))
- `gcp_big_query_dataset` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP BigQuery Dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_big_query_dataset))
- `gcp_big_query_table` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP BigQuery Table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_big_query_table))
- `gcp_bucket` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_bucket))
- `gcp_compute_instance` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP compute instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_compute_instance))
- `gcp_folder` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP folder. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_folder))
- `gcp_gke_cluster` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP GKE cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_gke_cluster))
- `gcp_organization` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_organization))
- `gcp_project` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_project))
- `gcp_service_account` (Attributes) Remote info for a GCP service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_service_account))
- `gcp_sql_instance` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP SQL instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_sql_instance))
- `github_org` (Attributes) Remote info for GitHub organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_org))
- `github_org_role` (Attributes) Remote info for GitHub organization role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_org_role))
- `github_repo` (Attributes) Remote info for GitHub repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_repo))
- `gitlab_project` (Attributes) Remote info for Gitlab project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--gitlab_project))
- `google_workspace_role` (Attributes) Remote info for GCP workspace role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--google_workspace_role))
- `okta_app` (Attributes) Remote info for Okta directory app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_app))
- `okta_custom_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Okta directory custom role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_custom_role))
- `okta_standard_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Okta directory standard role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_standard_role))
- `openai_platform_project` (Attributes) Remote info for OpenAI Platform project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--openai_platform_project))
- `openai_platform_service_account` (Attributes) Remote info for OpenAI Platform service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--openai_platform_service_account))
- `oracle_fusion_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Oracle Fusion role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--oracle_fusion_role))
- `pagerduty_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Pagerduty role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--pagerduty_role))
- `salesforce_permission_set` (Attributes) Remote info for Salesforce permission set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_permission_set))
- `salesforce_profile` (Attributes) Remote info for Salesforce profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_profile))
- `salesforce_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Salesforce role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_role))
- `teleport_role` (Attributes) Remote info for Teleport role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--remote_info--teleport_role))

<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--anthropic_workspace"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.anthropic_workspace`

Read-Only:

- `workspace_id` (String) The id of the workspace.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_account`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The id of the AWS account.
- `organizational_unit_id` (String) The id of the AWS organizational unit. Required only if customer has OUs enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_ec2_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_ec2_instance`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The id of the AWS account. Required for AWS Organizations.
- `instance_id` (String) The instanceId of the EC2 instance.
- `region` (String) The region of the EC2 instance.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_eks_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_eks_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The id of the AWS account. Required for AWS Organizations.
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the EKS cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_iam_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_iam_role`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The id of the AWS account. Required for AWS Organizations.
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_organizational_unit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_organizational_unit`

Read-Only:

- `organizational_unit_id` (String) The id of the AWS organizational unit that is being created.
- `parent_id` (String) The id of the parent organizational unit.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_permission_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_permission_set`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The ID of an AWS account to which this permission set is provisioned.
- `arn` (String) The ARN of the permission set.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--aws_rds_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.aws_rds_instance`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The id of the AWS account. Required for AWS Organizations.
- `instance_id` (String) The instanceId of the RDS instance.
- `region` (String) The region of the RDS instance.
- `resource_id` (String) The resourceId of the RDS instance.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_enterprise_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_enterprise_app`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The remote application identifier (service principal or application object ID).


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_entra_id_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_entra_id_role`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The remote role identifier from Entra (object ID).


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_management_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_management_group`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the management group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_resource_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_resource_group`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the resource group.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_sql_database`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the SQL database.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_managed_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_sql_managed_database`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the SQL managed database.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_managed_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_sql_managed_instance`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the SQL managed instance.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_sql_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_sql_server`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the SQL server.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_storage_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_storage_account`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the storage account.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_storage_container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_storage_container`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the storage container.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_subscription`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the subscription.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_user_assigned_managed_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_user_assigned_managed_identity`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the user assigned managed identity.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--azure_virtual_machine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.azure_virtual_machine`

Read-Only:

- `resource_id` (String) The ARM resource ID of the virtual machine.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--coupa_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.coupa_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--cursor_organization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.cursor_organization`

Read-Only:

- `org_id` (String) The id of the organization.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--custom_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.custom_connector`

Read-Only:

- `can_have_usage_events` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not the resource can have usage data.
- `remote_resource_id` (String) The id of the resource in the end system


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--datastax_astra_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.datastax_astra_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_big_query_dataset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_big_query_dataset`

Read-Only:

- `dataset_id` (String) The id of the dataset.
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project the dataset is in.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_big_query_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_big_query_table`

Read-Only:

- `dataset_id` (String) The id of the dataset the table is in.
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project the table is in.
- `table_id` (String) The id of the table.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_bucket`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_id` (String) The id of the bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_compute_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_compute_instance`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) The id of the instance.
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project the instance is in.
- `zone` (String) The zone the instance is in.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_folder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_folder`

Read-Only:

- `folder_id` (String) The id of the folder.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_gke_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_gke_cluster`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the GKE cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_organization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_organization`

Read-Only:

- `organization_id` (String) The id of the organization.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_project`

Read-Only:

- `project_id` (String) The id of the project.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_service_account`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email of the service account.
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project the service account is in.
- `service_account_id` (String) The id of the service account.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gcp_sql_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gcp_sql_instance`

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (String) The id of the SQL instance.
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project the instance is in.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_org"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.github_org`

Read-Only:

- `org_name` (String) The name of the organization.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_org_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.github_org_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--github_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.github_repo`

Read-Only:

- `repo_name` (String) The name of the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--gitlab_project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.gitlab_project`

Read-Only:

- `project_id` (String) The id of the project.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--google_workspace_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.google_workspace_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.okta_app`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The id of the app.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_custom_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.okta_custom_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the custom role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--okta_standard_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.okta_standard_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_type` (String) The type of the standard role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--openai_platform_project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.openai_platform_project`

Read-Only:

- `project_id` (String) The id of the project.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--openai_platform_service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.openai_platform_service_account`

Read-Only:

- `project_id` (String) The id of the project for the service account.
- `service_account_id` (String) The id of the service account.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--oracle_fusion_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.oracle_fusion_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--pagerduty_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.pagerduty_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_name` (String) The name of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_permission_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.salesforce_permission_set`

Read-Only:

- `permission_set_id` (String) The id of the permission set.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.salesforce_profile`

Read-Only:

- `profile_id` (String) The id of the permission set.
- `user_license_id` (String) The id of the user license.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--salesforce_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.salesforce_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_id` (String) The id of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--results--remote_info--teleport_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.remote_info.teleport_role`

Read-Only:

- `role_name` (String) The name role.



<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `allow_requests` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow requests for this resource.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests for this resource.
- `condition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations--condition))
- `extensions_duration_in_minutes` (Number) The duration for which access can be extended (in minutes). Set to 0 to disable extensions. When > 0, extensions are enabled for the specified duration.
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the resource can be requested (in minutes).
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request configuration.
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the resource should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this resource.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the resource require an access ticket.
- `reviewer_stages` (Attributes List) The list of reviewer stages for the request configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--request_configurations--reviewer_stages))

<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations.condition`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) The list of group IDs to match.
- `role_remote_ids` (Set of String) The list of role remote IDs to match.


<a id="nestedatt--results--request_configurations--reviewer_stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.request_configurations.reviewer_stages`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the reviewer stage. Admin and manager approval are also treated as reviewers.
- `owner_ids` (Set of String)
- `require_admin_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require admin approval.
- `require_manager_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require manager approval.



<a id="nestedatt--results--ticket_propagation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.ticket_propagation`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_on_grant` (Boolean)
- `enabled_on_revocation` (Boolean)
- `ticket_project_id` (String)
- `ticket_provider` (String) The third party ticketing platform provider.
