---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_sessions Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sessions DataSource
---

# opal_sessions (Data Source)

Sessions DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_sessions" "my_sessions" {
  resource_id = "b9c12805-779f-4076-a60b-81a19e052a61"
  user_id     = "...my_user_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource.

### Optional

- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user you wish to query sessions for.

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `access_level` (Attributes) # Access Level Object
### Description
The `ResourceAccessLevel` object is used to represent the level of access that a user has to a resource or a resource has to a group. The "default" access
level is a `ResourceAccessLevel` object whose fields are all empty strings.

### Usage Example
View the `ResourceAccessLevel` of a resource/user or resource/group pair to see the level of access granted to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--access_level))
- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the connection.
- `expiration_date` (String) The day and time the user's access will expire.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--results--access_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.access_level`

Read-Only:

- `access_level_name` (String) The human-readable name of the access level.
- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The machine-readable identifier of the access level.


