---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_uar Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Uar DataSource
---

# opal_uar (Data Source)

Uar DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_uar" "my_uar" {
  uar_id = "37bd5696-00ed-4435-9a92-039280c1b7e2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uar_id` (String) The ID of the UAR.

### Read-Only

- `deadline` (String) The last day for reviewers to complete their access reviews.
- `name` (String) The name of the UAR.
- `reviewer_assignment_policy` (String) A policy for auto-assigning reviewers. If auto-assignment is on, specific assignments can still be manually adjusted after the access review is started. Default is Manually. must be one of ["MANUALLY", "BY_OWNING_TEAM_ADMIN", "BY_MANAGER"]
- `self_review_allowed` (Boolean) A bool representing whether to present a warning when a user is the only reviewer for themself. Default is False.
- `send_reviewer_assignment_notification` (Boolean) A bool representing whether to send a notification to reviewers when they're assigned a new review. Default is False.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone name (as defined by the IANA Time Zone database) used in the access review deadline and exported audit report. Default is America/Los_Angeles.
- `uar_scope` (Attributes) If set, the access review will only contain resources and groups that match at least one of the filters in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--uar_scope))

<a id="nestedatt--uar_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uar_scope`

Read-Only:

- `admins` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups who are owned by one of the owners corresponding to the given IDs.
- `apps` (List of String) This access review will include items in the specified applications
- `entities` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups with ids in the given strings.
- `filter_operator` (String) Specifies whether entities must match all (AND) or any (OR) of the filters. must be one of ["ANY", "ALL"]
- `group_types` (List of String) This access review will include items of the specified group types
- `group_visibility` (String) Specifies what users can see during an Access Review. must be one of ["STRICT", "VIEW_VISIBLE_AND_ASSIGNED", "VIEW_ALL"]
- `include_group_bindings` (Boolean)
- `names` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups whose name contains one of the given strings.
- `resource_types` (List of String) This access review will include items of the specified resource types
- `tags` (Attributes List) This access review will include resources and groups who are tagged with one of the given tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--uar_scope--tags))
- `users` (List of String) The access review will only include the following users. If any users are selected, any entity filters will be applied to only the entities that the selected users have access to.

<a id="nestedatt--uar_scope--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uar_scope.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.


