---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_uars_list Data Source - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  UARSList DataSource
---

# opal_uars_list (Data Source)

UARSList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "opal_uars_list" "my_uars_list" {
  cursor    = "cD0yMDIxLTAxLTA2KzAzJTNBMjQlM0E1My40MzQzMjYlMkIwMCUzQTAw"
  page_size = 200
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cursor` (String) The pagination cursor value.
- `page_size` (Number) Number of results to return per page. Default is 200.

### Read-Only

- `next` (String) The cursor with which to continue pagination if additional result pages exist.
- `previous` (String) The cursor used to obtain the current result page.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `deadline` (String) The last day for reviewers to complete their access reviews.
- `instantly_action_reviews` (Boolean) A bool representing whether to instantly action changes when reviewers submit their decision. Default is False.
- `name` (String) The name of the UAR.
- `reviewer_assignment_policy` (String) A policy for auto-assigning reviewers. If auto-assignment is on, specific assignments can still be manually adjusted after the access review is started. Default is Manually. BY_OWNING_TEAM_ADMIN assigns reviews to resource admins in round-robin fashion. BY_OWNING_TEAM_ADMIN_ALL assigns reviews to all resource admins. BY_APPROVERS assigns reviews to resource approvers in round-robin fashion. BY_APPROVERS_ALL assigns reviews to all resource approvers.
- `self_review_allowed` (Boolean) A bool representing whether to present a warning when a user is the only reviewer for themself. Default is False.
- `send_reviewer_assignment_notification` (Boolean) A bool representing whether to send a notification to reviewers when they're assigned a new review. Default is False.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone name (as defined by the IANA Time Zone database) used in the access review deadline and exported audit report. Default is America/Los_Angeles.
- `uar_id` (String) The ID of the UAR.
- `uar_scope` (Attributes) If set, the access review will only contain resources and groups that match at least one of the filters in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--uar_scope))

<a id="nestedatt--results--uar_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.uar_scope`

Read-Only:

- `admins` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups who are owned by one of the owners corresponding to the given IDs.
- `apps` (List of String) This access review will include items in the specified applications
- `entities` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups with ids in the given strings.
- `filter_operator` (String) Specifies whether entities must match all (AND) or any (OR) of the filters.
- `group_types` (List of String) This access review will include items of the specified group types
- `group_visibility` (String) Specifies what users can see during an Access Review
- `include_group_bindings` (Boolean)
- `names` (List of String) This access review will include resources and groups whose name contains one of the given strings.
- `resource_types` (List of String) This access review will include items of the specified resource types
- `tags` (Attributes List) This access review will include resources and groups who are tagged with one of the given tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--uar_scope--tags))
- `users` (List of String) The access review will only include the following users. If any users are selected, any entity filters will be applied to only the entities that the selected users have access to.

<a id="nestedatt--results--uar_scope--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.uar_scope.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.
