---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_configuration_template Resource - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ConfigurationTemplate Resource
---

# opal_configuration_template (Resource)

ConfigurationTemplate Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "opal_configuration_template" "my_configurationtemplate" {
  admin_owner_id = "7c86c85d-0651-43e2-a748-d69d658418e8"
  break_glass_user_ids = [
    "346033c2-e0ba-40cc-9f5b-b0827f4601b9"
  ]
  custom_request_notification = "Check your email to register your account."
  linked_audit_message_channel_ids = [
    "8058be8e-1c01-436e-a690-783c4d24b732"
  ]
  member_oncall_schedule_ids = [
    "bf57d7aa-bd0e-446b-9c15-f7d7d0222969"
  ]
  name = "Prod AWS Template"
  request_configurations = [
    {
      allow_requests = true
      auto_approval  = false
      condition = {
        group_ids = [
          "16c559ff-9787-4082-8841-ac5cdfb6bde6"
        ]
        role_remote_ids = [
          "..."
        ]
      }
      max_duration           = 120
      priority               = 1
      recommended_duration   = 120
      request_template_id    = "06851574-e50d-40ca-8c78-f72ae6ab4304"
      require_mfa_to_request = false
      require_support_ticket = false
      reviewer_stages = [
        {
          operator = "AND"
          owner_ids = [
            "bb3e66e9-5012-49e8-a32e-f155d7a63933"
          ]
          require_admin_approval   = false
          require_manager_approval = false
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
  require_mfa_to_approve = false
  require_mfa_to_connect = false
  ticket_propagation = {
    enabled_on_grant      = false
    enabled_on_revocation = true
    ticket_project_id     = "...my_ticket_project_id..."
    ticket_provider       = "LINEAR"
  }
  visibility = {
    visibility = "GLOBAL"
    visibility_group_ids = [
      "4dc2e0ea-6466-44ed-b9b7-d9c8803abe57"
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_owner_id` (String) The ID of the owner of the configuration template.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration template.
- `require_mfa_to_approve` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for reviewers to approve requests for this configuration template.
- `require_mfa_to_connect` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA to connect to resources associated with this configuration template.
- `visibility` (Attributes) Visibility infomation of an entity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visibility))

### Optional

- `break_glass_user_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the break glass users linked to the configuration template.
- `custom_request_notification` (String) Custom request notification sent upon request approval for this configuration template.
- `linked_audit_message_channel_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the audit message channels linked to the configuration template.
- `member_oncall_schedule_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the on-call schedules linked to the configuration template.
- `request_configurations` (Attributes List) The request configuration list of the configuration template. If not provided, the default request configuration will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations))
- `ticket_propagation` (Attributes) Configuration for ticket propagation, when enabled, a ticket will be created for access changes related to the users in this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ticket_propagation))

### Read-Only

- `configuration_template_id` (String) The ID of the configuration template.
- `request_configuration_id` (String) The ID of the request configuration linked to the configuration template.

<a id="nestedatt--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visibility`

Required:

- `visibility` (String) The visibility level of the entity. must be one of ["GLOBAL", "LIMITED"]

Optional:

- `visibility_group_ids` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations`

Required:

- `allow_requests` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to allow requests for this resource.
- `auto_approval` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to automatically approve requests for this resource.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request configuration.
- `require_mfa_to_request` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not to require MFA for requesting access to this resource.
- `require_support_ticket` (Boolean) A bool representing whether or not access requests to the resource require an access ticket.

Optional:

- `condition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations--condition))
- `max_duration` (Number) The maximum duration for which the resource can be requested (in minutes).
- `recommended_duration` (Number) The recommended duration for which the resource should be requested (in minutes). -1 represents an indefinite duration.
- `request_template_id` (String) The ID of the associated request template.
- `reviewer_stages` (Attributes List) The list of reviewer stages for the request configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_configurations--reviewer_stages))

<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations.condition`

Optional:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) The list of group IDs to match.
- `role_remote_ids` (Set of String) The list of role remote IDs to match.


<a id="nestedatt--request_configurations--reviewer_stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_configurations.reviewer_stages`

Required:

- `owner_ids` (Set of String)
- `require_manager_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require manager approval.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the reviewer stage. Admin and manager approval are also treated as reviewers. Default: "AND"; must be one of ["AND", "OR"]
- `require_admin_approval` (Boolean) Whether this reviewer stage should require admin approval.



<a id="nestedatt--ticket_propagation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ticket_propagation`

Optional:

- `enabled_on_grant` (Boolean) Not Null
- `enabled_on_revocation` (Boolean) Not Null
- `ticket_project_id` (String)
- `ticket_provider` (String) The third party ticketing platform provider. must be one of ["JIRA", "LINEAR", "SERVICE_NOW"]
