---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_groups_user Resource - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GroupsUser Resource
---

# opal_groups_user (Resource)

GroupsUser Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "opal_groups_user" "my_groupsuser" {
  access_level_remote_id = "arn:aws:iam::590304332660:role/AdministratorAccess"
  duration_minutes       = "0"
  group_id               = "4040eb63-5d1e-4f43-bdd0-8dbe759fb0ef"
  user_id                = "1dad9955-d0f3-449b-bb0e-c0cf728ce9e2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The ID of the group. Requires replacement if changed.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user to add. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The remote ID of the access level to grant to this user. If omitted, the default access level remote ID value (empty string) is used. Requires replacement if changed.
- `duration_minutes` (Number) Must be set to 0. Any nonzerovalue in terraform does not make sense. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["0"]; Default: 0

### Read-Only

- `access_level` (Attributes) # Access Level Object
### Description
The `GroupAccessLevel` object is used to represent the level of access that a user has to a group or a group has to a group. The "default" access
level is a `GroupAccessLevel` object whose fields are all empty strings.

### Usage Example
View the `GroupAccessLevel` of a group/user or group/group pair to see the level of access granted to the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_level))
- `email` (String) The user's email.
- `expiration_date` (String) The day and time the user's access will expire.
- `full_name` (String) The user's full name.

<a id="nestedatt--access_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_level`

Read-Only:

- `access_level_name` (String) The human-readable name of the access level.
- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The machine-readable identifier of the access level.


