---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "opal_resources_users Resource - terraform-provider-opal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourcesUsers Resource
---

# opal_resources_users (Resource)

ResourcesUsers Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "opal_resources_users" "my_resourcesusers" {
  access_level_remote_id = "arn:aws:iam::590304332660:role/AdministratorAccess"
  duration_minutes       = 60
  resource_id            = "d9bb531a-6209-406b-ad03-356e6f799e16"
  user_id                = "b00b6f8b-aed1-4f8f-9d89-35bb4fec8046"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `duration_minutes` (Number) The duration for which the resource can be accessed (in minutes). Use 0 to set to indefinite. Requires replacement if changed.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user to add. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The remote ID of the access level to grant to this user. If omitted, the default access level remote ID value (empty string) is used. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `access_level` (Attributes) # Access Level Object
### Description
The `ResourceAccessLevel` object is used to represent the level of access that a user has to a resource or a resource has to a group. The "default" access
level is a `ResourceAccessLevel` object whose fields are all empty strings.

### Usage Example
View the `ResourceAccessLevel` of a resource/user or resource/group pair to see the level of access granted to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_level))
- `email` (String) The user's email.
- `expiration_date` (String) The day and time the user's access will expire.
- `full_name` (String) The user's full name.

<a id="nestedatt--access_level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_level`

Read-Only:

- `access_level_name` (String) The human-readable name of the access level.
- `access_level_remote_id` (String) The machine-readable identifier of the access level.


